Add information about sharing settings between different IDEs installations (#870)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/basics/persisting_state_of_components.md

Settings can be shared via the following functionalities:
- _[Settings Sync](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/sharing-your-ide-settings.html#IDE_settings_sync)_ plugin that allows synchronizing settings on JetBrains servers. Users can choose the settings categories that are synchronized.
- _[Settings Repository](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/sharing-your-ide-settings.html#settings-repository)_ plugin that allows synchronizing settings in Git repository created and configured by a user.
- _[Export Settings](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/2019.3/sharing-your-ide-settings.html#import-export-settings)_ feature that allows for manual importing and exporting settings.

> Synchronization via the _Settings Sync_ or _Settings Repository_ plugins is done only when they are installed and enabled.
>
{type="tip"}

The decision about making a specific component's state shareable should be made carefully.
Only the settings that are not specific to a given machine should be shared, e.g. paths to user-specific directories shouldn't be shared.
If a component contains both shareable and non-shareable data, it should be split into two separate components.

#### Settings Sync Plugin

> To include a plugin's component state in the _Settings Sync_ plugin synchronization, the settings category must be specified via the `@State` annotation's `category` attribute. The default `SettingsCategory.OTHER` value disables synchronization of a component's state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include a plugin's component state in the _Settings Sync_ plugin synchronization, the settings category must be specified via the `category` attribute of the `@State` annotation.
The default `SettingsCategory.OTHER` value disables synchronization of a component's state.
```

> If the component state is OS-dependent, then `@Storage` annotation's `roamingType` must be set to `RoamingType.PER_OS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the component state is OS-dependent, the `roamingType` of the `@Storage` annotation must be set to `RoamingType.PER_OS`.
```

#### Settings Repository Plugin and Export Settings Feature

> Persistent components can be shared via the _Settings Repository_ plugin and _Export Settings_ feature, depending on the `@Storage` annotation's `roamingType`. See the [](#defining-the-storage-location) for the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Persistent components can be shared via the _Settings Repository_ plugin and _Export Settings_ feature, depending on the `roamingType` of the `@Storage` annotation.
See the [](#defining-the-storage-location) for more details.
```
